change(docs): Replace doc.zebra.zfnd.org API documentation with docs.rs (#7886)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: zebra-utils/README.md

#### Checkpoint Generation Setup

Make sure your `zebrad` or `zcashd` is [listening for RPC requests](https://doc-internal.zebra.zfnd.org/zebra_rpc/config/struct.Config.html#structfield.listen_addr),
and synced to the network tip.

> If you are on a Debian system, `zcash-cli` [can be installed as a package](https://zcash.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rtd_pages/install_debian_bin_packages.html).

Reviewer: Wasn't changed here but this link doesn't seem to work.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are on a Debian system, `zcash-cli` [can be installed as a package](https://zcash.readthedocs.io/en/master/rtd_pages/install_debian_bin_packages.html).
```

To update the testnet checkpoints, `zebra-checkpoints` needs to connect to a testnet node.

To launch a testnet node, you can either:

> - start `zebrad` [with a `zebrad.toml` with `network.network` set to `Testnet`](https://doc-internal.zebra.zfnd.org/zebra_network/struct.Config.html#structfield.network), or

Reviewer: This link doesn't seem to work.

Author: ```suggestion
- start `zebrad` [with a `zebrad.toml` with `network.network` set to `Testnet`](https://docs.rs/zebra-network/latest/zebra_network/struct.Config.html#structfield.network), or
```
